[docs][widgets] Add configurable widgets, deep-linking and remote activity docs (#45844)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/widgets.mdx

});
```

#### Deep linking from widgets

> NoUse the `widgetURL` modifier from `@expo/ui/swift-ui/modifiers` to make the widget open a single URL when tapped. If you need multiple tappable links, use [`Link`](./ui/swift-ui/link.mdx) inside the widget layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `widgetURL` modifier from `@expo/ui/swift-ui/modifiers` to make the widget open a single URL when tapped. If you need multiple tappable links, use [`Link`](./ui/swift-ui/link.mdx) inside the widget layout.
```

Typo.

import {
  containerBackground,
  foregroundStyle,
  padding,
  widgetAccentedRenderingMode,
} from '@expo/ui/swift-ui/modifiers';
import { createWidget, type WidgetEnvironment } from 'expo-widgets';

type ThemeWidgetProps = {
  title: string;
};

const ThemeWidget = (props: ThemeWidgetProps, environment: WidgetEnvironment) => {
  'widget';
  const textColor = environment.colorScheme === 'dark' ? '#FFFFFF' : '#111111';
  const backgroundColor = environment.colorScheme === 'dark' ? '#111111' : '#FFFFFF';
  const margins = environment.widgetContentMargins;

  return (
    <VStack
      modifiers={[
        padding({
          top: margins?.top ?? 12,
          bottom: margins?.bottom ?? 12,
          leading: margins?.leading ?? 12,
          trailing: margins?.trailing ?? 12,
        }),
        containerBackground(backgroundColor, 'widget'),
      ]}>
      <Image
        systemName="star.fill"
        color={textColor}
        modifiers={[widgetAccentedRenderingMode('accented')]}
      />
      <Text modifiers={[foregroundStyle(textColor)]}>{props.title}</Text>
    </VStack>
  );
};

export default createWidget('ThemeWidget', ThemeWidget);
```

#### Configurable widgets

> Add a `configuration` object to a widget in your app config to expose options in the widget gallery. The selected values are passed to the widget component in [`WidgetEnvironment`](#widgetenvironment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your widget, you need to add a `configuration` object to a widget in your app config to expose options in the widget gallery.
```

Previously, the context of widget configuratio was missing.

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json app.json
```

{
  "expo": {
    "plugins": [
      [
        "expo-widgets",
        {
          "widgets": [
            {
              "name": "GreetingWidget",
              "displayName": "Greeting",
              "description": "Shows a configurable greeting",
              "supportedFamilies": ["systemSmall", "systemMedium"],
              "configuration": {
                "title": "Greeting",
                "parameters": {
                  "name": {
                    "title": "Name",
                    "type": "string",
                    "default": "Expo"
                  },
                  "style": {
                    "title": "Style",
                    "type": "enum",
                    "values": [
                      { "name": "Short", "value": "short" },
                      { "name": "Detailed", "value": "detailed" }
                    ],
                    "default": "short"
                  }
                }
              }
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    ]
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The selected values are passed to the widget component in [`WidgetEnvironment`](#widgetenvironment).

```

I'd suggest add context before each code example.

pushToStartSubscription.remove();
```

> The push-to-start token and per-activity push token are APNs tokens, not Expo push tokens. Send them to your server and use Apple's ActivityKit APNs endpoint to start, update, or end Live Activities remotely. `expo-widgets` exposes the tokens and renders the content state; it does not send APNs requests for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The push-to-start token and per-activity push token are APNs tokens, not Expo push tokens. Send them to your server and use Apple's ActivityKit APNs endpoint to start, update, or end Live Activities remotely. `expo-widgets` exposes the tokens and renders the content state and it does not send APNs requests for you.
```

Use these APNs headers for ActivityKit pushes:

> ```sh

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```text
````

apns-push-type: liveactivity
apns-topic: <your app bundle identifier>.push-type.liveactivity
apns-priority: 10
```

Use `apns-priority: 10` for immediate updates and `apns-priority: 5` for lower-priority updates. The `timestamp`, `dismissal-date`, and other APNs date fields are Unix timestamps in seconds.

The payload's `content-state` must match the internal content state used by `expo-widgets`. Set `name` to the name you passed to `createLiveActivity`, and set `props` to a JSON string containing the props for that Live Activity.

> To start a Live Activity remotely, send a push to the push-to-start token received from `addPushToStartTokenListener`:

Reviewer: It'll be great here to mention if the following JSON requires a specific file name/file location in the Expo project?
